com/homework/lovedog/utils/AdaptiveUtils.java
 com.homework.lovedog.utils.AdaptiveUtils
 com.homework.lovedog.utils.AdaptiveUtils$1
 com.homework.lovedog.utils.AdaptiveUtils$2
com/homework/lovedog/config/Config.java
 com.homework.lovedog.config.Config
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseRecyclerViewAdapter$OnItemEventListener
com/homework/lovedog/BuildConfig.java
 com.homework.lovedog.BuildConfig
com/homework/lovedog/BR.java
 com.homework.lovedog.BR
rxhttp/wrapper/param/RxHttp.java
 rxhttp.wrapper.param.RxHttp
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseViewHolder.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseViewHolder
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseActivity.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseActivity
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseActivity$1
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseActivity$ActivityResultCallBack
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseActivity$FragmentStackEntity
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/homework/lovedog/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.homework.lovedog.activity.SplashActivity
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseModel.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseModel
com/homework/lovedog/databinding/ItemMainDogListLayoutBinding.java
 com.homework.lovedog.databinding.ItemMainDogListLayoutBinding
com/homework/lovedog/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.homework.lovedog.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.homework.lovedog.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.homework.lovedog.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/homework/lovedog/databinding/ActivitySplashLayoutBinding.java
 com.homework.lovedog.databinding.ActivitySplashLayoutBinding
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseUrl.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseUrl
com/homework/lovedog/MyApp.java
 com.homework.lovedog.MyApp
com/homework/lovedog/utils/StringFormatUtils.java
 com.homework.lovedog.utils.StringFormatUtils
com/homework/lovedog/service/ResultCode.java
 com.homework.lovedog.service.ResultCode
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseRsp.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseRsp
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseRsp$1
com/homework/lovedog/model/MainModel.java
 com.homework.lovedog.model.MainModel
com/homework/lovedog/http/AppHolder.java
 com.homework.lovedog.http.AppHolder
 com.homework.lovedog.http.AppHolder$1
com/homework/lovedog/base/SimpleRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.SimpleRecyclerViewAdapter
com/homework/lovedog/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.homework.lovedog.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/homework/lovedog/databinding/IncludeTopBarBinding.java
 com.homework.lovedog.databinding.IncludeTopBarBinding
com/homework/lovedog/anotation/ResultCode.java
 com.homework.lovedog.anotation.ResultCode
com/homework/lovedog/widget/CurrencyRefreshLayout.java
 com.homework.lovedog.widget.CurrencyRefreshLayout
com/homework/lovedog/http/RxHttpRequest.java
 com.homework.lovedog.http.RxHttpRequest
com/homework/lovedog/http/OnError.java
 com.homework.lovedog.http.OnError
com/homework/lovedog/base/BaseFragment.java
 com.homework.lovedog.base.BaseFragment
com/homework/lovedog/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.homework.lovedog.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/homework/lovedog/service/IService.java
 com.homework.lovedog.service.IService
com/homework/lovedog/http/ExceptionHelper.java
 com.homework.lovedog.http.ExceptionHelper
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
